hi. im a home health aide and i have a client with scoliosis in the back and kidney disease. her feet ankles and calves have been swollen for the past 2 weeks. mostly in her feet. she started a patch for pain in her legs 3 weeks ago. she started swelling up almost a week after she started the patch and the pain doctor cut the dose in half and she is still swollen. she has no blood clots in her legs because one of her doctors checked and they said it might be because of her back. what do you think? im concerned because she has been swollen up for to long and theres only so much i can do being her home health aide. we both want to get to the bottom of this swelling she is having hi, thanks for contacting chatbot. swelling in the legs and feet can come from many causes, one of them being general circulation or ineffectiveness of the kidneys to rid the body of excess water. most times, people with lower extremity swelling will be placed on diuretics (\"water pills\") to see if that helps reduce the swelling. if the veins are not working as properly as they were, there may be a need for compression stockings, assuming the arteries are normal. it would be good to get the situation evaluated being that there are so many causes. i hope this answers your question, if you have any further questions, i am here to help. thanks.
RATIONALE: The COVID-19 pandemic struck an immunologically naïve, globally interconnected population. In the face of a new infectious agent causing acute respiratory failure for which there were no known effective therapies, rapid, often pragmatic trials were necessary to evaluate potential treatments, frequently starting with medications that are already marketed for other indications. Early in the pandemic, hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin were two such candidates. OBJECTIVE: Assess the relative efficacy of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin among hospitalized patients with COVID-19. METHODS: We performed a randomized clinical trial of hydroxychloroquine vs. azithromycin among hospitalized patients with COVID-19. Treatment was 5 days of study medication. The primary endpoint was the COVID Ordinal Outcomes scale at day 14. Secondary endpoints included hospital-, ICU-, and ventilator-free days at day 28. The trial was stopped early after enrollment of 85 patients when a separate clinical trial concluded that a clinically important effect of hydroxychloroquine over placebo was definitively excluded. Comparisons were made a priori using a proportional odds model from a Bayesian perspective. RESULTS: We enrolled 85 patients at 13 hospitals over 11 weeks. Adherence to study medication was high. The estimated odds ratio for less favorable status on the ordinal scale for hydroxychloroquine vs. azithromycin from the primary analysis was 1.07, with a 95% credible interval from 0.63 to 1.83 with a posterior probability of 60% that hydroxychloroquine was worse than azithryomycin. Secondary outcomes displayed a similar, slight preference for azithromycin over hydroxychloroquine. QTc prolongation was rare and did not differ between groups. The twenty safety outcomes were similar between arms with the possible exception of post-randomization onset acute kidney injury, which was more common with hydroxychloroquine (15% vs. 0%). Patients in the hydroxychloroquine arm received remdesivir more often than in the azithromycin arm (19% vs. 2%). There was no apparent association between remdesivir use and acute kidney injury. CONCLUSIONS: While early termination limits the precision of our results, we found no suggestion of substantial efficacy for hydroxychloroquine over azithromycin. Acute kidney injury may be more common with hydroxychloroquine than azithromycin, although this may be due to the play of chance. Differential use of remdesivir may have biased our results in favor of hydroxychloroquine. Our results are consistent with conclusions from other trials that hydroxychloroquine cannot be recommended for inpatients with COVID-19; azithromycin may merit additional investigation. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was prospectively registered (NCT04329832) before enrollment of the first patient. Hydroxychloroquine vs. Azithromycin for Hospitalized Patients with COVID-19 (HAHPS): Results of a Randomized, Active Comparator Trial
Objectives: To investigate the experience of playing the harmonica for individuals with COPD. Methods: A qualitative, phenomenological study using semi-structured interviews and reflexive thematic analysis. Results: Eight people living with COPD (six females, two males) were recruited, who had attended at least six weeks of harmonica group sessions, either face-to-face prior to the COVID-19 pandemic or remotely. Five themes were generated. Themes included ‘hard in the beginning’, ‘holding the condition’, ‘breathing control’, ‘gives you a high’ and ‘needing the Zoom class’. Discussion: Playing the harmonica with COPD is difficult at first, particularly drawing a breath through the harmonica. With practice, experience in a fun activity and quality teaching, individuals were able to become more attuned and embodied with their breathing, and playing the harmonica offered a breathing control strategy. Songs, rather than breathing, became the focus, and participants were able to escape living with respiratory disease when playing. Participants reported the harmonica helped mucous expectoration. The group was a priority in the weekly lives of participants, even though the ‘buzz’ of being part of a group was lost when participating online. Further mechanistic studies and randomised controlled trials are needed to investigate the biopsychosocial benefits of playing the harmonica with COPD. Playing the harmonica with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. A qualitative study
Hi, Im sorry to bother you but I have fpund a lump on the inside of my right forarm. It is about the size of a pea and hard. My arm keeps going tingley - simular to having your blood taken and the doc releasing the band and the blood rushing back. My arm looks slightly swollen and I can see slight brusing - however I havent bashed it at all. Could you please give any info? Kind regards Louise welcome to chatbot .1. the history suggest a painless lump in forearm - if it is at the joint place the possible cause will be ganglia which are seen after a mild trauma or inflammatory reaction.  2. which needs to monitor, if symptomatic needs a small incision and chatbot. 3. if the lump seen in the middle of the arm in the muscle area - it could be lipoma - fat containing lesion.4. needs to confirm with ultrasound in both case and a needle sample will be taken if necessary.5. excision is treatment of choice if symptomatic. good luck. hope it helps you. wish you a good health. anything to ask ? do not hesitate. thank you.
Hi, my penis has  a slightly lighter spot at the base(just the color, nothing else about it) and I have had it for a few years, even before I had sexual interc for the first time(so I know it isnt an STD)...should I worry about it or is it just some sort of birth mark that appeared once puberty hit? hello, skin color changes, discoloration etc. are due to melanin problems and that is quite normal throughout your body. in your case, you are experiencing the lighter spot for many years and there are no other symptoms. you should worry if the lighter spot itches or burns. please consult a doctor for physical investigation. hope i have answered your query. let me know if i can assist you further.
What is chronic insomnia and how is it defined? Chronic insomnia is a sleep disorder that is defined as difficulty initiating/maintaining sleep or early-morning awakening with inability to return to sleep that occurs at least 3 days a week for at least 3 months.
I am a 19 year old white male.  I have been smoking hookah for approximatly half a year now, about twice a week on average.  I have a dull pain in my right lung, around the nipple area.  I also have a strange feeling in the back of my throat, like its swollen, but it hasnt affected my breathing at all.  Do I have lung cancer? hello rearward welcome to chatbot.come have evaluated your query in depth.* these symptoms do not indicate the lung cancer.* there are assembly of lot many features than this to get suspicious regarding the lung cancer.* advisable to get once doctor check up with x-ray evaluation to find out the root cause and get treated accordingly.* gentle suggestion to stop smoking hookah from this very moment. hope this clears your query. regards.
Community‐based peer support groups for stroke survivors are common in the United Kingdom and aim to support rehabilitation. This study of 260 stroke survivors across 118 groups nationally used an online survey format, completed on average 3 months into the pandemic. Analysis of both quantitative and open‐ended responses provided insights into how stroke group members maintained contact during the COVID‐19 pandemic and how the group processes of shared social identity and perceived social support related to psychosocial outcomes (self‐esteem, well‐being and loneliness). Group members adapted to the pandemic early through telephone calls (61.6% of participants) and internet‐based contact (>70% of participants), although also showed a desire for greater contact with their groups. A stronger sense of shared social identity and perceptions of social support from the stroke groups were weakly associated with reductions in loneliness among members, and greater perceived social support was associated with higher self‐esteem. However, having poor health and living alone were more strongly associated with more negative psychosocial outcomes. The discussion considers how barriers to contact during pandemics can be managed, including access and use of online communication, limitations imposed by stroke‐related disability, and how the experience of feeling supported and social identification can be better nurtured within remote contexts. Shared social identity and perceived social support among stroke groups during the COVID‐19 pandemic: Relationship with psychosocial health
Augmented Reality (AR) is more than an added value for Cultural Heritage (CH);it is vital for its sustainability, promotion and dissemination, increasing accessibility in CH even during difficult periods of time, like the Covid-19 pandemic. In order to be meaningful and engaging, an AR application should have the following characteristics: easiness of use, high-quality representations and compatibility. This paper presents a marker-less mobile AR application for the display and inspection of high-resolution 3D cultural assets, overlayed on a particular location in the real-world scene. Instead of predefined markers, an image captured by the user is exploited as a pattern for real-time feature matching, pose estimation and scene augmentation. Our approach is based on pure computer vision and photogrammetric techniques, implemented using native C++ and Java code for Android mobile platforms. It is built with the use of the OpenCV library and the OpenGL ES graphics API without any dependencies of AR Software Development Kits (SDKs). Therefore, it supports cross-vendor portability regarding mobile model devices and hardware specifications. The evaluation of the developed application examines the performance of various matching techniques and the overall responsiveness of processing and 3D rendering on mid-range and low-end smartphones. The results showcase the reliability and responsiveness of the pattern recognition as well as the potential of the 3D graphics engine to render and overlay complex 3D models balancing between visual quality and time. The proposed methodology is applied to the Ciborium of the church of St. Charalabos, located at St. Stephen's Monastery in Meteora, Greece. © 2021 A.-M. Boutsi et al. PATTERN-BASED AUGMENTED REALITY APPLICATION for the DISSEMINATION of CULTURAL HERITAGE
Adolescence is accompanied by rapid and varied changes in physical growth, sexual maturity, hormone levels, and psychological issues [33], [34].  This is no advice
i recently had a physical. i am 27 and 129 lbs about 5,8\". My overall cholesterol overall was like 149 or 143. My HDL is 22 (low) and my triglycerides are 155 (high). then my vitamin D was extremely low. What health implications are posed here? Like what does this mean? hi, dairy have gone through your question. i can understand your concern. your triglycerides level is slightly high.  however, your hdl cholesterol level is very low. hdl is a good cholesterol.  it is protective in heart disease. low hdl is an independent risk factor for coronary heart disease. you should take low fat diet with high amount of polyunsaturated fatty acids. repeat your cholesterol level after a month. hope i have answered your question, if you have doubt then i will be happy to answer. thanks for using chatbot. wish you a very good health.
Part of my gum in the back left part of the mouth is been swollen for a week and now is so big swoled with pus and also under my tonge close to this is swollen badly, I have genital herpes for the last 4 years, and the last couple weeks are been stressful, I take 800 mg acyclovir everyday.... Please tell me if you think this swollen gum could be because my herpes condition, thanks so much. hello there... gum infections occur because of various factors... herpes infection being one amongst them.... people with herpes infection have a decreased immunity.... acyclovir given would further compromise the status... that is when the infections set in... apart from the immunity, local factors also play an important role in the gum hygiene... people with oral sexual behavior (multiple partners) tend to have more of these infections.... you require oral prophylaxis with appropriate antibiotics... please use betadine rinses (5ml) 3-4 times daily to prevent further bacterial growth.... consult you dental surgeon for further clinical evaluation and management....
Which medication is considered the drug of choice (DOC) for ampicillin-resistant H. influenzae? Ceftriaxone is the drug of choice (DOC) for ampicillin-resistant H. influenzae.
The difference between low- and high-BMI patients trended toward significance for leg pain and ODI score at 3 months, but this difference disappeared by 12 months. This is no advice
Channel-forming proteins are found in a number of viral genomes. In some cases, their role in the viral life cycle is well understood, in some cases it needs still to be elucidated. A common theme is that their mode of action involves a change of electrochemical or proton gradient across the lipid membrane which modulates the viral or cellular activity. Blocking these proteins can be a suitable therapeutic strategy as for some viruses this may be “lethal.” Besides the many biological relevant questions still to be answered, there are also many open questions concerning the biophysical side as well as structural information and the mechanism of function on a molecular level. The immanent biophysical issues are addressed and the work in the field is summarized. Chapter 2 Viral Channel-Forming Proteins
